c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.exe.config
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.exe
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.pdb
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.FormQuanLi.resources
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.exe
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.pdb
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\Transitions.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\ModernUIProject.Class.pnlSlider.resources
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.panelMain.resources
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vannt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiTinBao\QuanLiTinBao\obj\Debug\QuanLiTinBao.exe.licenses
